federalist 20. the same subject
continued
the insufficiency of the present
confederation to preserve the union
from the new york packet tuesday
december 11
1787 hamilton and madison
to the people of the state of new york
the united netherlands are a confederacy
of republics
or rather of aristocracies of a very
remarkable texture
yet confirming all the lessons derived
from those which we have already
reviewed
the union is composed of seven co-equal
and sovereign states
and each state or province is a
composition of equal and independent
cities
in all important cases not only the
provinces but the cities must be
unanimous
the sovereignty of the union is
represented by the state's general
consisting usually of about 50 deputies
appointed by the provinces
they hold their seats some for life some
for six three and one years
from two provinces they continue an
appointment during pleasure
the states general have authority to
enter into treaties and alliances
to make war and peace to raise armies
and equip fleets
to ascertain quotas and demand
contributions
in all these cases however unanimity and
the sanction of their constituents
are requisite they have the authority to
appoint and receive
ambassadors to execute treaties and
alliances already formed
to provide for the collection of duties
on imports and exports
to regulate the mint with a saving to
the provincial rights
to govern as sovereigns the dependent
territories
the provinces are restrained unless with
the general consent from entering into
foreign treaties from establishing
imposts injurious to others
or charging their neighbors with higher
duties than their own subjects
a council of state a chamber of accounts
with five colleges of admiralty aid and
fortify the federal administration
the executive magistrate of the union is
the start holder who is now in
hereditary prince
his principal weight and influence in
the republic are derived from his
independent title
from his great patrimonial estates from
his family connections with some of the
chief potentates of europe
and more than all perhaps from his being
start holder in the several provinces as
well as for the union
in which provincial quality he has the
appointment of town magistrates under
certain regulations
executes provincial decrees presides
when he pleases in the provincial
tribunals and has throughout the power
of pardon
as stockholder of the union he has
however considerable prerogatives
in his political capacity he has
authority to settle disputes between the
provinces
when other methods fail to assist at the
deliberations of the state's general
and at their particular conferences to
give audiences to foreign ambassadors
and to keep agents for his particular
affairs at foreign courts
in his military capacity he commands the
federal troops provides for garrisons
and in general regulates military
affairs
disposes of all appointments from
kernels to enzymes and of the
governments and posts of fortified towns
in his marine capacity he is admiral
general and superintends and directs
everything relative to naval forces and
other
naval affairs presides in the
admiralties in person or by proxy
appoints lieutenant admirals and other
officers and establishes councils of war
whose sentences are not executed till he
approves them his revenue exclusive of
his private income
amounts to three hundred thousand
florins the standing army which he
commands consists of about forty
thousand men
such as the nature of the celebrated
belgian confederacy as delineated on
parchment
what are the characters which practice
has stamped upon it
imbecility in the government discord
among the provinces
foreign influence and indignities a
precarious existence in peace
and peculiar calamities from war it was
long ago remarked by groteus
that nothing but the hatred of his
countrymen to the house of austria kept
them from being ruined by the vices of
their constitution
the union of utrecht says another
respectable writer reposes an authority
in the states general seemingly
sufficient to secure harmony
but the jealousy in each province
renders the practice very different from
the theory
the same instrument says another obliges
each province to levy certain
contributions
but this article never could and
probably never will be executed
because the inland provinces who have
little commerce cannot pay an equal
quota
in matters of contribution it is the
practice to waive the articles of the
constitution
the danger of delay obliges the
consenting provinces to furnish their
quotas without waiting for the others
and then to obtain reimbursement from
the others by deputations which are
frequent or otherwise as they can
the great wealth and influence of the
province of holland enable her to affect
both these purposes
it has more than once happened that the
deficiencies had to be ultimately
collected at the point of the bayonet
a thing practicable though dreadful in a
confederacy where one of the members
exceeds enforce all the rest
and where several of them are too small
to meditate resistance
but utterly impracticable in one
composed of members
several of which are equal to each other
in strength and resources
and equal singley to a vigorous and
persevering defense
foreign ministers says sir william
temple who is himself a foreign minister
elude matters taken ad referendum by
tampering with the provinces and cities
in 1726 the treaty of hanover was
delayed by these means a whole year
instances of a like nature are numerous
and notorious
in critical emergencies the states
general are often compelled
to overleap their constitutional bounds
in 1688
they concluded a treaty of themselves at
the risk of their heads
the treaty of westphalia in 1648 by
which their independence was formally
and finally recognized
was concluded without the consent of
zealand even as recently as the last
treaty of peace with great britain
the constitutional principle of
unanimity was departed from
a weak constitution must necessarily
terminate in dissolution
for want of proper powers or the
usurpation of power's requisite for the
public safety
whether the usurpation when once begun
will stop at the salutary point
or go forward to the dangerous extreme
must depend on the contingencies of the
moment
tyranny has perhaps often or grown out
of the assumptions of power
called for on pressing exigencies by a
defective constitution
then out of the full exercise of the
largest constitutional authorities
notwithstanding the calamities produced
by the stateholder ship
it has been supposed that without his
influence in the individual provinces
the causes of anarchy manifest in the
confederacy would long ago have
dissolved it
under such a government says the
abimebli the union could never have
subsisted
if the provinces had not a spring within
themselves capable of quickening their
tardiness and compelling them to the
same way of thinking
this spring is the start holder it is
remarked by sir william temple
that in the intermissions of the
startholder ship holland by her riches
and her authority which drew the others
into a sort of dependence
supplied the place these are not the
only circumstances which have controlled
the tendency to anarchy and dissolution
the surrounding powers impose an
absolute necessity of union to a certain
degree
at the same time that they nourish by
their intrigues to constitutional vices
which keep the republic in some degree
always at their mercy
the true patriots have long bewailed the
fatal tendency of these vices
and have made no less than four regular
experiments by extraordinary assemblies
convened for the special purpose
to apply a remedy as many times as their
laudable zeal found it impossible to
unite the public councils in reforming
the known
the acknowledged the fatal evils of the
existing constitution
let us pause my fellow citizens for one
moment over this melancholy and monetary
lesson of history
and with the tear that drops for the
calamities brought on mankind by their
adverse opinions and selfish passions
let our gratitude mingle in ejaculation
to heaven for the propitious concorde
which has distinguished the
consultations for our political
happiness
a design was also conceived of
establishing a general tax to be
administered by the federal authority
this also had its adversaries and failed
this unhappy people
seem to be now suffering from popular
convulsions from dissensions among the
states and from the actual invasion of
foreign arms
the crisis of their destiny all nations
have their eyes fixed on the awful
spectacle
the first wish prompted by humanity is
that this severe trial may issue in such
a revolution of their government as
we'll establish their union
and render it the parent of tranquility
freedom and happiness
the next that the asylum under which we
trust the enjoyment of these blessings
will speedily be secured in this country
may receive and console them for the
catastrophe of their own
i make no apology for having dwelt so
long and the contemplation of these
federal presidents
experiences the oracle of truth and
where its responses are unequivocal
they ought to be conclusive and sacred
the important truth
which it unequivocally pronounces in the
present case is that a sovereignty over
sovereigns
a government over governments a
legislation for communities as contra
distinguished from individuals
as it is a solicism in theory so in
practice it is subversive of the order
and
ends of civil polity by substituting
violence in place of law
or the destructive coercion of the sword
in place of the mild and salutary
coercion of the magistracy
publius